so we're gonna play some among us today
because it's my birthday
and i suppose theoretically i'm supposed
to get some time to do things that i
like
on my birthday never played before heard
a lot of good things i'm familiar with
the memes
don't really know how to play it's all
good
yeah so you know everyone assumes that
that being a psychiatrist makes you
better at this game i'm not so sure
let's do ryan anal beater or suck my pp
what do you guys think
pp for the win
all right here we go
no put on the chat filter what does that
mean
you've been banned gg
what happened
decontamination
how do we this is the top
the middle what
looks like it fits together
there we go
there we go there we go
[Music]
nice gigi chat oh god the
posture is going to be waiting for me
he's gonna be waiting for me at the last
task oh no
i'm dead self-destruct
what happened
what happened yo this guy hasn't killed
me yet so i think no no no buddy
oh oh god he's coming for me
no no no no no
i'm sorry you guys stay in russian
wait what how is mr hippo like following
me around like what is this
wait how do i vote
did i just vote for myself
oh my god
gg gg noobs i just won
win streak get rat shitties dude that's
the docker k
mojo you'll mess the cat on my level
it's it's the mojo so let me explain
something to you to a chat
so like i i know we talk a lot about
karma and so
we talk a lot about sacrifice on the
stream and putting other people first
so the fastest way to get win a game of
among us
is to vote kick yourself because then
you're taking one for the team
and then karma will repay you they just
why is it russia
isn't this how the game is i thought
that was part of the game
is that like it's like in a foreign
language as you guys are in space
and it's aliens right so like i don't
know if you guys know this but the first
person in space was actually a cosmonaut
that's why the game's in russia right we
may put a man on the moon first but the
russians put someone in space
chat why is the game in russian it's not
russian it's the space language chat
oh god
uh
[Music]
oh my god you can't talk rudy oh
and you should only talk during the
meetings okay and only imposters can use
the event anything else i should know
before i blow it again
ghosts complete tasks dude that's crazy
man the ship was [ __ ] haunted
wait dr k you're making the muted
yeah sorry i'm expressing
frustration and my scrotum
okay
um i was by me and nefer on the left
side rob where was the body again
so bad at this game
[ __ ] how do you do this
holy [ __ ]